<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><title></title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
<style type="text/css">
body {
  margin: 5px 10px 5px 15px;
  background-color: #ffffff;
}
/* ========== Text Styles ========== */
hr { color: #000000}
body, table, span.rvts0 /* Normal text */
{
 font-size: 12pt;
 font-family: 'Segoe UI';
 font-style: normal;
 font-weight: normal;
 color: #000000;
 text-decoration: none;
}
span.rvts1 /* Heading */
{
 font-size: 10pt;
 font-family: 'Arial', 'Helvetica', sans-serif;
 font-weight: bold;
 color: #0000ff;
}
span.rvts2 /* Subheading */
{
 font-size: 10pt;
 font-family: 'Arial', 'Helvetica', sans-serif;
 font-weight: bold;
 color: #000080;
}
span.rvts3 /* Keywords */
{
 font-size: 10pt;
 font-family: 'Arial', 'Helvetica', sans-serif;
 font-style: italic;
 color: #800000;
}
a.rvts4, span.rvts4 /* Jump 1 */
{
 font-size: 10pt;
 font-family: 'Arial', 'Helvetica', sans-serif;
 color: #008000;
 text-decoration: underline;
}
a.rvts5, span.rvts5 /* Jump 2 */
{
 font-size: 10pt;
 font-family: 'Arial', 'Helvetica', sans-serif;
 color: #008000;
 text-decoration: underline;
}
/* ========== Para Styles ========== */
p,ul,ol /* Paragraph Style */
{
 text-align: left;
 text-indent: 0pt;
 padding: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0pt;
 margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0pt;
}
.rvps1 /* Centered */
{
 text-align: center;
}
/* ========== Lists ========== */
.list0 {text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 36pt; list-style-position: outside; list-style-type: disc;}
.list1 {text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt; list-style-position: outside; list-style-type: circle;}
.list2 {text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt; list-style-position: outside;}
.list3 {text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 36pt; list-style-position: outside; list-style-type: decimal;}
</style>
</head>
<body>
<p>050 The Approaching Storm</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Thus, in the next period of time, Lin Xuan concentrated on purifying pills and purified over one hundred low-grade and two mid-grade pills.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>In particular, the purification of the low-grade pills was very successful, but the speed of the mid-grade pills was slower. He had also reached a bottleneck in the circulation of the star ocean. If he wanted to break through, he would need to raise his cultivation but one layer because the capabilities of the star ocean were directly related to the level of cultivation.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The reason Lin Xuan purified so many pills at once was because he was planning to do some closed door cultivation for a little while. This time, he would stop at nothing to enter into the latter layers of the Spirit Gathering stage, and achieve the fifth layer.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Setting his goal, he strived to accomplish it. At present, all the preparations have been completed.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Yet in the short amount of time that Lin Xuan spent purifying pills, there was a feeling of an impending storm in the cultivation world of the Yan prefecture of Zhao country. There was civil unrest, the cultivator clans were in continuous conflict, and even though the sects had not taken any actions, they were also having lots of verbal arguments. The rogue cultivators were all very fearful for their lives.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The fuse was the disbanding of the Soaring Cloud sect. The Soaring Cloud sect had offended a Core Formation expert and were forced to disband. The other sects didn’t say anything, but they took joy in other’s misfortunes. There were also many benefits to the Soaring Cloud sect being disbanded. Firstly, the various sects would be able to divide the territory of the Soaring Cloud sect.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Secondly, at the trades fair, they were able to acquire quite a lot of treasures. Although the Soaring Cloud sect was small, but it still had over a thousand years of heritage. The wealth they had accumulated was not small.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Originally, this was a joyous occasion, but who would have thought that after the trades fair, there would be a string of accidents. First the famous cultivation clan, the Wang family, their disciples that they had sent out were attacked and killed and the treasures and cultivation technique they had purchased had been stolen.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Yan Tian Heng thought that he was an old fox, but he was still not meticulous enough. He was slightly negligent and left some tiny hints. The Wang family could be considered the number one cultivator clan in the thousands of kilometres of the surrounding area. When have they ever suffered this kind of misfortune? They were very angry and three Foundation Building elders even went to the Yan family demanding that they pay with their lives.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>There wasn’t really anything out of the ordinary about this. The Wang family was strong, the Yan family was weak, and besides, Yan Tian Heng killed and plundered their people and treasures. Although the cultivation world was ruled by might, but the various clans would still give each other some face. However, Yan Tian Heng’s actions were overly excessive so there was no room for redemption.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The Wang family elders originally wanted Yan Tian Heng to pay with his life, but when they got there, they found that the Yan patriarch and his son had disappeared without a trace. There were only elders, children, women, infants, and some low-level cultivators there.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Lin Xuan’s actions were truly airtight. No one knew that the father and son of the Yan family were already sleeping in that nameless forest. The Wang family elders had thought that once the father and son knew that they were exposed, they had forsaken their family and had fled.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>One of the elders had a fiery temper and could not control his anger after that. He wanted to kill every single person of the Yan family right there, but in the end, the other two elders were able to talk him down. Of course, they were not doing this to because they were kind-hearted nor did they refrain from killing because they could not bear to take action. They stopped him because they did not want to cause such a disturbance before clearly understanding the situation.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Although the Yan family was only a mid-level cultivator clan, they had a deep relationship with the Flame Spirit sect, just like how their Wang family had a good relationship with the Floating Cloud Valley.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>It must be known that sects had the greatest influence. All the various cultivator clans, unless they had an exceedingly powerful expert, would all choose a sect to attach themselves to.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>As to which one to attach themselves to, each cultivator clan had their own way of choosing. Some chose the sect that was closest to them, so they could be better sheltered, some had ancestors that were disciples of that sect, some chose to marry into that sect, just to name a few……</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Yan Tian Heng was in the wrong. He unflinchingly killed and pillaged. To take his life as compensation, the Flame Spirit sect would also not say anything about it. After all, if they were going to be unreasonable, then the backer of the Wang family, the Floating Cloud Valley, would intervene. But now that Yan Tian Heng and his son have disappeared, the Flame Spirit sect would definitely not allow the Wang family to kill everyone in the Yan family. If the Wang family were to do this, they would be the ones in the wrong.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Although the cultivation world was ruled by might, but that was under the assumption that there was a large disparity between the two parties. But if both sides had similar strength, then neither side would win and both would suffer losses. Only then would both sides “reason” with each other.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>This, the Wang family elders said some fierce words and swiftly left. They did not go far but instead split into two. One person went back to report and to summon some disciples to search for Yan Tian Heng; the other two were to sit back and wait and kept a close watch on the Yan family.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Hearing that their patriarch has brought down a calamity, the people of the Yan family were dumbstruck and turned pale with fright. They originally thought that there was some mistake and wanted to wait for Yan Tian Heng to come back and explain. But as time flowed on, not a single trace of the patriarch and his son turned up. Therefore, their hesitant attitude slowly turned into suspicion, thinking that their patriarch fell into an evil scheme of the experts of the Wang family. After that, to cover up the incident, the Wang family came here to blame their patriarch for killing their people instead and even dared to call for punishment.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Of course, the Yan family would not accept this and appealed to the Flame Spirit sect for help.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The Flame Spirit sect, as the name implies, were experts in techniques of the fire type. In regards to their strength, in the sect of the Yan prefecture, they were ranked second and was just slightly inferior to the Floating Cloud Valley.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Although their patriarch was only at the Foundation Building stage, but they still had a Core Formation senior elder. But that elder, although he had a high cultivation, he was very lecherous. Yan Tian Heng’s second daughter was exactly one of that elder’s favoured concubines.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>With these kinds of relationships, in addition to the fact that the Flame Spirit sect and the Floating Cloud Valley was always contesting for the position of the overlord of the Yan prefecture, only added onto the existing hostilities between the sects. It was only because the sects were worried about the consequences that they kept their hostilities suppressed.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Now, the Yan family and Wang family each had their own version of events. One side said that some of their disciples were killed and their treasures and cultivation technique was stolen. The other side said that their patriarch was killed that that the other party was making false claims. Either way, the grudge between these two cultivator clans had dragged the Floating Cloud Valley and the Flame Spirit sect into the fray.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>With these two big players taking action, then the other various sects of Yan prefecture could not just stand off to the side. Some of them had good relationships with the Flame Spirit sect, others had good dealings with the Floating Cloud Valley in the past. They formed into two opposing alliances.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>Fortunately, yelling was only yelling, being noisy was still only being noisy. These large sects were not stupid. If the spark of conflict started, then both sides would suffer injuries and neither side would win. So for now, they kept it to verbal sparring.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The smell of gunpowder was strong. The rogue cultivators were all very jittery. If they were not careful, they would drawn into the conflict and bring down a calamity.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>The various cultivator clans would, of course, speak out for the sects that they were attached to. There was a big hubbub of noise. They were not worried about the consequences like the sects. The ones that had grudges took the opportunity to get revenge. These few days, there was already some clans that have started fighting.</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p>In short, the noisier it was, the bigger the situation became.</p>
</body></html>
