---
layout: translated
number: "0066"
name: "Sixty-Six"
title: "Fairy in the Clouds"
date: "2016-10-03 23:49:43.878660"
characters: 2161
chinese: "http://baishuku.com/html/30/30364/12441403.html"
reddit: "https://www.reddit.com/r/noveltranslations/comments/55rpjc/cn_tempered_immortal_chapter_0066/"
sponsored: false
completed: true
---

The cultivation of these elite disciples was outstanding. But in these thirty some disciples, there were only a few female disciples. And, like a flower in a field of weeds, they were very eye catching.

"Oh? How come Junior Apprentice Sister Qin did not come?"

"I don't know, but Elder Li is lecturing today, so she should be coming!"

"That may not be the case. Although Junior Apprentice Sister Qin has not been with the sect for a long time, but here cultivation is very profound. She could very well be in seclusion."

......

The female disciples whispered to each other, those arrogant elite disciples were also attracted. Even those two Great Perfection experts with profound cultivation turned their heads.

Lin Xuan also mimicked the actions of the crowd, but in his heart, he was deeply moved. That Junior Apprentice Sister Qin really was famous far and wide!

The one they all called Junior Apprentice Sister was actually named Qin Yan. She had entered the sect at the same time as Lin Xuan four years ago. However, their circumstances were not at all the same.

Lin Xuan did not have Spiritual Roots, he was only an ordinary person. Therefore, his cultivation speed was extremely slow. Although he put in more than ten times the efforts others put forth, he was still far behind the other disciples of the sect.

But Qin Yan's circumstances were completely different from his. She had very exceptional Spiritual Roots, such that she would be able to grasp any technique without effort. She was labeled as the most talented disciple within the past couple of centuries. She simply had too many halos floating over her head.

In the four short years since she had entered the Floating Cloud Valley, she had already reached the Great Perfection of the Spirit Condensation stage and would surely break into the Foundation Establishment stage in the future. Some elders even held the belief that she would be the next Core Formation stage expert after Patriarch Daoist YunHe.

Number one in the low-grade disciples!

Also, she was a natural born beauty with pure and fair skin, causing others to name her the "Cloud Fairy".

She was very popular and was the lover of all the male disciples in their dreams. But sadly, she was icy and arrogant, and only wanted to pursue the path of cultivation. She never speaks to anyone encouragingly, thus it was very hard to approach her.

In the Floating Cloud Valley, there might be some confused individuals who might not know who the patriarch is, but there was no way that there was a single person that would not know who the Cloud Fairy is.

As the few female disciples were gossiping, Lin Xuan suddenly smelt a sweet fragrance. A stunning girl of about seventeen or eighteen walked in through the entrance of the hall. She was absolutely beautiful and had icy smooth skin.

"Gulp!" Lin Xuan heard some male disciple beside him swallow his saliva.

"Junior Apprentice Sister Qin!"

The elite disciples, who did not put anyone in their eyes, all put on a noble and virtuous air, stopped their posturing and greeted Qin Yan.

However, she had a cold look, turned a blind eye, did not responded to a single person, and walked straight through them. This kind of attitude, not only did it not make the male disciples dissatisfied, it made them even more eager.

Seeing this, Lin Xuan frowned. What was the point? Although Qin Yan was beautiful, but she was unattainable, so why waste the effort? Like the male disciples that were around him, they were all very popular amongst the female disciples of the sect, but towards these female disciples that were attracted to them, they would only show disdain. They all tried to be friendly towards Qin Yan but were all snubbed.

Lin Xuan did not think that this was only because she had good spiritual roots or because she was pretty. After all, there were many good looking female disciples in the Floating Cloud Valley. And as for cultivation...... What did romance have anything to do with that?

The key laid in the fact that one would always want what they could not get. This kind of strange way of thinking was what was driving the male disciples.

Although he did not like the actions of the other disciples, but in order to not stand out, Lin Xuan also forced himself to greet the Fairy in the Clouds. But the result was just the same, he was treated as if he did not exist, and in addition, he had also gained the disdain of some of the other female disciples.

Lin Xuan darkly sighed about how unlucky he was.

But the other male disciples refused to give up and kept on trying to get close to her in sappy ways. But Lin Xuan noticed that although she had a coldly arrogant look on her face, but her eyes gave away what she was really thinking. No one liked to be continually pestered or have houseflies flying around their heads. This would explain why she showed up so late.

Fortunately, this did not last long. After a few minutes, an Elder walked into the hall.

This Elder looked to be about fifty or sixty years of age, but he was definitely far above that. Because cultivators absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, they would age much more slowly than normal.

For example, a beautiful and mature young woman, if she was in the Core Formation stage, could be well over two hundred years old.

The speed at which a cultivator aged depends on the different cultivation techniques they practiced. In some legends, there were even cultivation techniques and medicinal pills that would allow a cultivator to retain their youth their whole life.

Of course, not all cultivators liked to look young, it was mostly female cultivators wanting to stay beautiful. Male cultivators thought that cultivating a mature appearance would make them look powerful, as for techniques that stopped aging, they were not very interested.

This Elder that everyone was calling Elder Li did not look like what Lin Xuan expected at all. This Elder that was at the Great Perfection of the Foundation Establishment stage looked very shady and mousey and was very short. He did not look powerful at all.

But one cannot judge a person based on appearance, just was one cannot measure the sea with a bucket. Lin Xuan did not dare to have the slightest idea of belittlement in his heart and quickly bowed along with the other disciples.

Elder Li swept his eye across the disciples and nodded in satisfaction. Then he sat down on the chair at the front and closed his eyes to rest.

Lin Xuan was somewhat surprised, wasn't he supposed to lecture today? How come......

Although he was puzzled, Lin Xuan did not take any actions, he would wait to see what the others would do first.

"Elder, recently, as disciple is practicing cultivation, disciple would get abdominal pains. Disciple wants to ask if he has made some mistakes following his cultivation technique?" Asked a disciple seated in the second row.

Elder Li opened his eyes and glanced at him. "Ah, the sixth layer, attacking the Great Perfection?"

"Yes!"

"You are too anxious, your Dao-heart is not stable, all the spiritual energy has collected in your abdomen. Take a break for now and stabilize your cultivation of the sixth layer first."

"Thank you, Elder, for pointing this out." That disciple sat down with a respectful look on his face.

After that, another disciple stood up.

......

So it was like this. Before the lecture, everyone would raise questions about the difficulties they have encountered while cultivating. Lin Xuan was very happy, he was worried about the time limit of his disguising technique, if this dragged on for too long, he would end up in a bad situation. The situation now was just what he needed.

- - -
- - -

