---
layout: page
number: "0000"
name: ""
title: ""
date: "Nov 27, 2015"
characters:
chinese: "http://baishuku.com/html/30/30364/"
reddit: ""
saber: ""
sponsored: false
completed: false
---

Blades of Ice stabbing into his body, a cold sweat

slowly running down his head, soon to be frozen,  Lin Xuan

is trying to cultivate while enduring an unbearable level of suffering,

unimaginable to ordinary people.

A white light flies across the sky, it is spirit power, but under

normal circumstances, it cannot be seen, even high level cultivators

are only able to feel it, only when the spirit power purified to a certain

extent does it become visible.

Since Lin Xuan is able to see the spirit power, it has become much easier to absorb, at such a high purity it’s also much easier to refine, the only problem is that he has to endure the pain of being stabbed by stakes of ice over and over again.

One after another strands of spirit power is drawn into his body, through the meridian in his heart, into his dantian and finally gathering it into the cluster of spirit power in the center of his dantian.

The next step is to refining, after using spirit sight and looking within Lin Xuan saw that the constantly rotating cluster of spirit power is getting smaller, but the color is getting purer, finally turning into spiritual force, and gathering in his dantian.

Lin Xuan’s endurance hits the limit, and he quickly runs out of the range of the illusion, as soon as he escapes the range he falls to the ground, short of breath, unable to move even a single finger.

…….

This cycle is a process that repeats itself for several hours, until it gets dark, and Lin Xuan is mentally exhausted.

“I have just heard, there is a disciple with no spiritual roots cultivating in the inner area.”

“Yes, i heard that teacher’s younger brother Ma personally saw him.”

“Well, he has the will, however the average person will always be doomed to fail as a cultivator, trash will always be trash.”

……..

On the way back, Lin Xuan occasionally heard similar arguments, although they also saw him, those disciples ignored him and continued to look down on him.

Lin Xuan frowned, but did not get angry, because it wont help, in the cultivating world respect is only for the strong, being mad is just a waste of energy, so he simply returned to his rest before continuing to cultivate.

Back home, Lin Xuan opened the drawer and removed the book filled with cultivation methods.

Telekinesis, using spiritual force to take control of a magic object, it is the most basic spell of a cultivator, but also the most important spell, since magic object is one of the requirements, but of course it is impossible for Lin Xuan to possess one, but he can still practice the spell.

In his mind, Lin Xuan focused his spirit power, and attached it to the object, and willed it to move.

All afternoon, Lin Xuan practiced over and over, he had tried in the past and failed, but after cultivating in the inner area for so many days, his spiritual power has increased, therefore he is trying again.

In a blink of an eye, a few hours pass, staring at the cup in front of him Lin Xuan starts to lose his focus, with sore eyes and a confused heart, he decides to rest for a while, and then continue

………

Hard work pays off, suddenly, the cup moves.

Although it was a small movement it did indeed move, after that Lin Xuan did not stop pushing his spiritual power to continue, he continued to practice until it was very late, only then did he rest.

The next day, Lin Xuan headed towards the inner area.

Dense fog, heavy with a ghostly aura, this time the illusion is the netherworld, numerous vicious demons suddenly rush at Lin Xuan, who turns a blind eye.

This difficult area, has even more spirit power than the previous areas, as Lin Xuan continues to go deeper each time, his mental endurance also increases, as does his stamina.

The first time Lin Xuan was only able to spend a few minutes in the terrible illusions, and now even though he is going deeper and deeper and the illusions becoming more powerful, he is able to endure for an hour.

The demons, as well as all kinds of terrifying scenes flash across his mind, wave after wave of negative energies impact upon his body, but Lin Xuan bites down and endures the pain, trying to endure more spirit power.

………

Leaving the range of the illusions, Lin Xuan sits cross-legged on the ground, and begins his perfect cycle.

From the dantian, through the meridians to the heart, the back to the dantian again, Xuan Lin did this cycle a total of nine times, even though this cycle leads to a slow growth, it also lays a great burden on the body, most disciples only doing three cycles, Lin Xuan however forces himself to do nine.

It is close to the limits of the human body, the first three were good, fourth and fifth time causing his spiritual passages to leak and bulge, seventh and eighth feels like a knife cutting through his body, the ninth however causes a hellish pain causing big drops of sweat to run down his forehead, after several hours with his uncontrollably  trembling with pain he managed to stubbornly finish, finally achieving his goal.

Finally finishing his Perfect cycle, Lin Xuan once again goes into the illusion.

Like that, he starts once again, Lin Xuan in cultivating in the inner area, enduring a level of pain that even foundation building experts have to work up to, purely with his willpower.

Lin Xuan sitting cross-legged, in a meditative pose, inside his dantian there is a pale blue ball constantly spinning around, it is the collection of spiritual power Lin Xuan has cultivated thus far.

A thread of spiritual power, is constantly being injected into the ball, and after this past month, Lin Xuan feels that his cultivation base has increased considerably, almost to the second layer of spirit gathering stage.

To cultivators, every increase of a realm, the spiritual power transforms, and Lin Xuan is now at the most crucial stage.

Just one step away from the second layer.

Expanding his consciousness into his dantian, Lin Xuan searches for even the tiniest remnants of spiritual power to inject into the sphere, Xuan Lin feeling like a sponge squeezed dry, finally finds a drop of spiritual power and injects it into the ball

snap!……

The spiritual power ball suddenly begins to change, lightning appearing on the surface, aura beginning to overflow, the sphere is about to collapse.

Lin Xuan did not give up, holding on for as long as possible, but finally reaching his limit, with the sound of breaking glass, the blue ball bursts, spiritual power pours out changing into hair thin threads of spiritual power, spreading out into his dantian.

………

- - -
- - -

[^1]:
