---
layout: page
number: "0000"
name: ""
title: ""
date: "Nov 27, 2015"
characters:
chinese: "http://baishuku.com/html/30/30364/"
reddit: ""
saber: ""
sponsored: false
completed: false
---

After leaving the Flying Could palace, after arriving in a deserted area, Lin Xuan’s smiling

face quickly disappeared, to be replaced with a gloomy look, murderous eyes flashing.

After standing quietly for a moment, Lin Xuan did not speak, but that Elder Ma, has made a

deep impression in his heart, he is unable to act now, but in the future when he has the strength………

Lin Xuan soon hears the sound of approaching footsteps, his gloomy expression quickly disappears as

he looks up, looking the same as usual.

“Ha ha,  that trash Lin Xuan was given two bottles of trash.”

“What’s so strange about that, trying to become a cultivator with no spirit roots, and then trying to

take our purifying pills… trash pills for a trash cultivator, isn’t that fair?” the other man laughed, talking about Lin Xuan without a care as they pass him.

………

Lin Xuan seemed not to hear them, as looking as calm as usual, he cannot afford to act on impulse, being impulsive is only for fools, since they dare to insult him he will simply remember and wait…..

The important thing now is to raise his cultivation, as only the strong are important, his original plan was to rely on the effects of the purifying pills to breakthrough the bottleneck of the second layer, but now after silently staring at the two bottles of trash pills in his hand, he turns around and walks out of the valley.

Without the pills, most people with just their own efforts, even if they cultivated in the inner area, would find it hard to breakthrough to the second layer, Lin Xuan after thinking for a while, decided to once again test his luck.

In a place not far from the valley entrance, there is a small canyon with a hidden entrance, that lies long forgotten, Lin Xuan discovered it by accident, and he can be occasionally be found there picking some rare herbs.

Although it is rare, Lin Xuan has been lucky and found some rare thousand year herbs that help promote the cultivation speed.

After careful consideration, he realizes the herbs are his best bet to breakthrough to the second layer of Spirit Gathering as soon as possible, and even if he can’t find any herbs, he won’t feel too bad, because he doesn’t really lose anything since it’s just a backup plan, Lin Xuan quickly arrived at the exit of Cloud Valley.

After leaving the sect behind, Lin Xuan didnt go to the canyon right away, rather he aimlessly wandered around, he did it to make sure no one was following him, because that hidden canyon occasionally grew rare herbs he didn’t want anyone taking it away from him.

After wandering around aimlessly for over an hour, and making sure that no one was paying attention to him, he quietly left the road and found a rarely used, winding trail, leading into the secret canyon.

Beautiful, a vibrant meadow filled with flowers, with a fragrant smell spreading into the air, it is truly a beautiful scenery, but Lin Xuan is not here for sightseeing, so he went straight to the center of the canyon, looking to see if he can find any rare herbs.

Some time passes, and still Lin Xuan finds nothing but still he doesn’t give up, and keeps searching for even a small plant.

However at this moment, he hears the sound of faint voices, and after a slight pause Lin Xuan quickly jumps into the nearby bushes to hide.

A red light is soon seen approaching from the distance

“Pat, Pat” two people are seen landing in the canyon, in a spot not too far from Lin Xuan.

“Master, we need to see to your injury!” A young woman exclaims with a concerned voice.

Through a gap in the bushes, Lin Xuan sees them wearing the Cloud Valley School uniform, Lin Xuan however did not go out to meet them, deciding to let this scene play out.

“*cough*, im still alive, Yan-er, are we at Cloud Valley yet?” the old man asks weakly, in a somewhat familiar voice, making Lin Xuan wonder who this Elder is.

“Dont worry master, the school gates are only a few miles away, and the enemy does not dare to pursue faster.” the young woman states.

“Good, good.” The weak voice sounds relieved, and in pain.

“Master, please take a rest!”

With the sound of rustling clothes, the woman leaves leans the wounded old man against a tree and helmed him sit, Because of the angle, Lin Xuan finally gets to see their faces.
“No wonder they sound familiar.”

As he watched the old man sitting on the ground, looking about 40 years old, possessing strong features and exuding an aura of power, however at this moment the old man’s face is gray, and his chest bloodstained, Lin Xuan goes cold looking at him, making him wonder just what could wound him to that extent.

Zhang Yu, he was the one who just two weeks ago taught the disciples how to use the spirit shield spell, he was already at the Foundation Building mid-stage and was one of the elders of the outer sect.

Lin Xuan also recognized the woman, Zhou Yan, who entered the school just a few years before him, and was considered a genius among the young generation of disciples, and it would be no surprised if she achieved the foundation building stage in just a few more years.

They were both important figures to the school, but then just what could make them flee like this?

In just a few moment, Lin Xuan came to the conclusion, that although he was curious about what was going it, it would be best if he stayed hidden.

Those two were obviously trying to keep this secret, so if they saw Lin Xuan, they would kill him without hesitation, it is simply the Law of the Jungle, the world of cultivation is cruel to the weak, and Lin Xuan did not want to die just yet.

Faced with a mid-stage foundation building expert, and a peak Spirit gathering disciple, even if they were injured, if they wanted to kill him, it would be like stepping on an ant.

After analyzing their current strength level, Lin Xuan didnt dare to breathe, he just wanted them to quickly leave.

“Hey, you!”

Lin Xuan’s heart stopped, did she discover him?

But without waiting for him to make a move he hears a miserable voice.

“You………you plot against me?” the voice contains both sadness and anger, and his face held a shocked expression “But……Why?”

“Oh, Master, don’t bother struggling since i have this  unrefined Jade rope you gave me, you should be aware of its power, and with your present condition, you can only use twenty percent of your spirtual power, struggling will do you no good.

- - -
- - -

[^1]:
