---
layout: page
number: "0000"
name: ""
title: ""
date: "Nov 27, 2015"
characters:
chinese: "http://baishuku.com/html/30/30364/"
reddit: ""
saber: ""
sponsored: false
completed: false
---

the sudden turn of events leave Lin Xuan in shock,

“ I see…you planned this all out…… looks like i was

wrong about you, you want to keep the treasure don’t you?”

“Yes.” Zhou Yan’s charming voice makes Lin Xuan’s blood run cold.

“Master, you were good to me, but treasures like this can arouse

jealousy, you should understand that, you should just be grateful

that i will leave your body whole.”

Listening to the conversation, Lin Xuan’s curiosity makes him wonder, just what kind of treasure would make a disciple break the taboo of killing your own master, although in his heart he truly wanted to know, he couldn’t afford to act rashly.

The senior sister apprentice was ruthless, with a cultivation far higher than his, Lin Xuan did not want his curiosity to put him into a dangerous situation.

“Ahh!”

As the angry scream rings out, blood sprays everywhere, and Lin Xuan sees through the gap in the bushes that Zhou Yan has pierced her master’s chest, and a faint yellow light has emerged from his body, trying to escape.

“Soul Separation, impossible!” Zhou Yan, who was already prepared stretches out her hands and catches the light.

The light struggles in her hands to no effect, and then begins to cry for mercy: “ Yan-er, will you really kill your master….”

Zhou Yan didn’t hesitate, and with a small amount of force, curshed the little ball of light, causing it to dissipate into the air, Lin Xuan seeing this feels a sudden chill, since surely this senior sister apprentice knows that for all creatures, if the soul is separated from the body and destroyed, they are unable to enter the cycle of rebirth, and forever die. Among cultivators, even when they hold a grudge, the soul is normally not destroyed, but this Zhou Yan, did such a thing to her teacher.

After killing her teacher, Zhou Yan’s appearance returns to normal, and after a while she begins to look around, a short while later her face becomes excited.

“Found it!.”

Ignoring the risk, Lin Xuan’s finally loses to his curiosity, and quietly raises his head, he sees Zhou Yan holding a fist sized box, carved of what seems like fine ebony. Just at that moment a rabbit runs past Lin Xuan’s bush, and it draws Zhou Yan’s attention.

“Who?” Zhou Yan’s face suddenly quickly becomes ugly.

Lin Xuan can only blame his luck!

With his heart thundering, Lin Xuan’s face clouded over, as he had just witnessed her killing her master. Lin Xuan didnt bother trying to beg for mercy or try to tick her, he decided to act decisively and quickly ran forward, quickly throwing his right arm, and countless cold lights fly towards her.

With a grunt Zhou Yan quickly forms a red shield around her body after seeing his hands movements, with a small banging noise, a few small ice balls fall to the ground.

Defending against the attack with her shield, a trace of a smile flashes across her face as the power of the earlier attack was weak, she deduces it was an early-level spirit gathering disciple.

After sending his attack, Lin Xuan did not stay to see the result, but rather ran away and began to create a distance between them, as he knew he had no chance of winning.

Thankfully among  the few spells he knows, there is a movement skill  called the Light-Wind technique, although it only lasts for several short seconds, he managed to run several hundred meters, moreover, Lin Xuan didnt just walk in a straight line, to prevent himself from being found very easily, he took several curved and often hidden paths, and was relying on his familiarity of the terrain to increase how long it would take her to find him, even though she could use spirit sensing to find him, because the road is long and twisting, to find him she would have to spend a lot of energy.

After running ahead for a while, Lin Xuan suddenly stops, and rather than trying to escape he stops running but rather crouches down and begins to search the ground.

Without a doubt, his actions are very strange, puzzling Zhou Yan who was chasing him, as Lin Xuan had stopped moving.

But apparently, it was all part of his plan, because after searching for a few moments. Lin Xuan softly mutters: “Hmmm.” the frown on his face quickly disappears, replaced by a calm appearance.

with the sound of rushing footsteps, Zhou Yan finally arrives at this location, and as he stands up, Lin Xuan’s face becomes one of panic…but she fails to notice that this time it is fake.

“You wanted to run?” Her mocking voice rings out, looking at Lin Xuan’s appearance, it really was a disciple of the outer sect, but his skills were too weak… Spirit gathering of the second layer, looking at Lin Xuan’s cultivation level, Zhou Yan’s suddenly realized that he is a very easy to kill, and won’t need to expend too much effort.

Seeing the look of contempt in her eyes, Lin Xuan has no anger in his heart, rather because she is looking down on him, she is being careless which raises the success rate of his plan, of course, however Lin Xuan did not reveal his true emotions, but instead gave off a worried look.

“Senior sister apprentice, please…..don’t kill me!”

Begging for mercy in a stammering voice, Lin Xuan showed her a panicked look, his acting was perfect as he slowly began to moved to steps to the left.

“Hmph, you saw my secret and you want to live?”

Zhou Yan could absolutely be compared to snakes and scorpions, even going as far as killing her master. If she would even go that far, how could he ever expect her to show mercy to a young outer disciple.

Raising her right hand, a small sword quickly cuts across the wind, sending a 10 long flash of light flying towards Lin Xuan.

Seeing the sword energy, Lin Xuan’s face quickly becomes serious.

The so-called, spiritual tool, which is a simpler version of a spirit weapon, was designed for low level cultivators to use, but one shouldn’t underestimate its power, although it is not great, it is not bad either, it also possesses the ability of letting its wielder use flying techniques.

After getting to the fourth layer of spirit gather stage, you are able of using spirit tools, but that is only in theory, because spirit tools even though they are far weaker than spirit weapons, they are just as rare, and are generally only given to foundation building disciples, the only spirit gathering disciples who may have one are rare and probably inherited it from their clans or are rare geniuses, valued by the school.

Zhou Yan, is one of those geniuses, and even after seeing how low Lin Xuan’s cultivation is, she comes at him at full power fully intending to quickly kill him.



……..

- - -
- - -

[^1]:
