---
layout: page
number: "0000"
name: ""
title: ""
date: "Nov 27, 2015"
characters:
chinese: "http://baishuku.com/html/30/30364/"
reddit: ""
saber: ""
sponsored: false
completed: false
---

Although Lin Xuan has begun to grasp the uses of the

blue lights, he was not sure if that was the entirety of it or simply

the tip of the iceberg, so Lin Xuan decided to continue his exploration

of the blue lights.

Pouring a pull from the jade bottle, not a trash pill,

but a purifying essence pill, one of the ones he obtained from Zhou Yan.

Trash pills can be purified, so then can low-grade purifying

essence pill be further purified and upgraded?

Lin Xuan decided to give it a try.

To know how the purifying essence pill was ranked, all immortal pills are divided into four grades, being low-grade, mid-grade, high-grade, and top-grade.

Pill grades are mainly used to see the amount of impurities contained within a pill, there are no difference in the materials used, and thus the more impurities it possesses, the more of its essence gets dispersed when it is taken, thus giving worse results.

The high grade immortal pills, are of course the opposite of low grade, having less impurities and thus having more concentrated essence and making the effects it gives even more obvious.

Of course, the higher the grade of the pill, the higher the difficulty in refining it is.

In general, if the impurity content is more than seventy percent, it is called a trash pill, impurity content of fifty percent is low-grade, thirty percent being mid-grade, twenty percent for high grade, and less than ten percent for top-grade.

Over tens of thousands of years, the cultivation world has been trying to find ways to reduce the impurity percentage of pills, with many master alchemists, intelligent scholars, and various others, not worrying bout labor, have made many attempts, and as a result there are no a variety of different pills, purifying essence pills, foundation establishment pill, Yuan forming pill, Nine Turns pill, etc…… to name a few of the more common ones.

Lin Xuan now wants to try further, since the blue lights are able to turn trash pills into low-grade pill, could it also purify it further?

Theoretically it should be possible, so Lin Xuan sits down cross-legged, holding in his hand a white pill, as the blue lights begin to gather in his dantian.

After a month of practice, especially after breaking through into the second layer, the blue lights when being circulated no longer had any jerky movements.

But Lin Xuan did not relax, as this would be a new attempt, he released his whole consciousness, with the blue lights flowing through his meridians, and all concentrated on the purifying essence pill in his hand.

After entering the second layer of spirit gathering stage, Lin Xuan’s calculating ability was doubled, in addition to the growth of spiritual power, his soul was also greatly enhanced, with him being able to know look through into the interior of the pill, where he was only able to look at the surface previously.

With the purifying essence pill magnified by many times in his mind, he is able to now see the traces of black in the pill that originally seemed to be pure white.

What he needs to do now is to remove those useless things.

As the blue lights pass through his skin and into the pill, Lin Xuan who was previously unable to observe any further and could only continue to push the blue lights into the pill, is now able to control the movements of the blue lights inside the pill with his consciousness.

Lin Xuan begins to control the flow rate of the blue lights,  while carefully observing.

As he saw the pills enter the pill, inside the flow he saw that white represents the essence and black represents the impurities, when it comes to the pure parts, the blue lights would directly pass through, as if there is nothing there, but when the blue lights encounter impurities, it will begin to push against it slowly, it is during this process that the blue lights expend energy.

Lin Xuan saw that the black impurities are moved forward a short distance every time they come into contact with the blue lights, until it is finally pushed out of the pill, thus reducing the impurity level.

As the purification process continued, Lin Xuan began to nod to himself, as his understanding of the blue lights deepens.

“Since my consciousness can enter inside the pill, then am i able to control it inside the pill as well?” Lin Xuan came up with this idea, since the flow of the lights inside the pill is chaotic, and thus the purification efficiency is not that high, if he could control it the lights and bring them together, then the purification would also become easier.

So Lin Xuan began the attempt.

To control the flow of the blue lights, he must first attach his soul to the lights, and although it is not a difficult technique, the nature of the blue lights made it difficult.

Different from actual objects, the lights have no visible form, although with a high enough cultivation anything can be controlled, Lin Xuan’s cultivation was only on the second layer of Spirit Gathering stage, and even with a stronger soul, it was still not enough.

Although he tried hard, he was still only able to slightly jolt the blue lights.

LIn Xun very wisely decided to give up then, and decided to try again another time once he has a higher cultivation.

Lin Xuan then re-focuses the control on his soul and the flow rate of the blue lights from his body, to continue the purification.

This process was not easy, and he soon encountered a new problem, even though  the low-grade pill had a low amount of impurities when compared to trash pill, it still required more of the blue lights to purify.

As time went by, an hour quickly passed, and the blue lights in his dantian have been reduced to one-third of the original size, close to the limit of how many blue lights he can put out.

After the blue lights finally stagnated, the impurities that were left inside the pill returned to their original positions and were left even more tightly bound to the essence.

The pure white pill was also became a pale black color.

Lin Xuan opened his hands, and looked at the ruined pill in his hand, a thoughtful expression on his face, although this time the test was not successful, the gains were not at all small.

First of all, he learned that he could use his soul to enter inside the pill, which allowed him to better understand the purification process, which in turn allows him to better understand the blue lights, thus the benefits are incalculable.

Secondly, after entering inside the pill, the blue lights can still be controlled, the only issue is that his skill is not enough, and so after his soul is strong enough to control the flow inside the pill, the purification efficience will also be higher.

His experience in this is also beginning to accumulate, since in addition to the practice, the results eventually add up, as everytime Lin Xuan does a test, regardless of success or failure, there are still some benfits gained from analysis.

It is due to this additude, coupled with his bold but cautious nature, that allowed Lin Xuan to go from being ignorant of the uses of the blue lights, to where he is now.

- - -
- - -

[^1]:
